# phase-4-project-anime-fantasy

With the project guidelines and the late update of the many to many I had two ideas I wanted to work on and had to eliminate. This idea was inspired by my love for anime and sports. I always enjoyed the Yahoo and ESPN fantasy app with the strategic thinking. I fused both of them to make this website, hence the name Anime Fantasy. My idea is legit taking the basic website/app flow of ESPN fantasy with a home page that displays information from other upcoming anime related news (since there’s not news on live sports) and the the league page to display the users leagues they’re active in with full CRUD control if available they are the creator of the league displayed. The tricky part f everything was to create the website with a battling and drafting feature. I ended up taking out the drafting feature but kept the battling feature. With the anime characters had to create a join table so that there wold be a many to many called league_characters. It creates a whole new array of characters that link them to each newly generated league. The battling took A LOT of thinking of the sequence, css and math to incorporate different stats for each character. The finished product I created with this close deadline was actually pretty cool and fun and would love to make something like this in the future.  With the full CRUD action on the leagues with the creator, they’re able to send invites to other users to join as members, delete their league or edit the name of the league. 